welcome to toke cool
toque pool is a quick and easy way to
bet on your day at the races you'll find
toad betting positions conveniently
located nearby wherever you are on
course and friendly tote staff are
always on hand to help you place your
bets
betting with toad pool means you are not
betting against the bookie your stake
goes into a pool and just like the
lottery how much you win depends on how
many other winning tickets there are so
you don't get fixed odds as you would
with a bookie but Betty with the toad
can often pay more so you need to check
out the value on offer you also get a
bunch better choice when you bet with
the tote with a wide variety of
different bets available and only with
the tote can you win a fortune for just
a small stake with their unique and
popular multiple race FET
there are a number of different ways you
can bet on a single race
thoth win this is the most common and
straightforward way to bet on a horse
race all you have to do is pick the
horse you think will finish first it's
as simple as that
you can often get better value with the
totes than bending with the bookie so
check tote screens to see how much you
could win if your bet is successful tow
to place the tote is the only place you
can bet place only on course simply pick
a horse to finish in first second third
or fourth places depending on the number
of runners in the race it might pay less
than picking the winner but backing a
horse to finish placed gives you more
chance of winning it's a great bet if
you fancy a big prized outsider to get
into the frame tow - each way
tilt each way is two bets in one so it
costs double your stake half of your bet
goes on the horse to win and the other
half to be placed this is a good way to
bed if you fancy yours to win but you
want to cover your stake of its pip to
the post
thoth swinger one bet two horses three
chances to win there are more ways to
win when you swing yours can finish
first and second first and third or
second and third so you don't even have
to pick the winner
thoth exacta if you can't decide between
two horses or fancy a short price
favorite and want to win more money this
bet is for you it's not as easy as
finding the winner of course but the
rewards can be much greater
totu trifecta if you're feeling
adventurous and want to win big money on
a single race then why not try a tote
trifecta
it's definitely tricky but if your
Luck's in you could win a huge payout
the tote also offers you a chance to win
big money for a small stake with their
unique and popular multiple race bets
tote play spot the top play spot is
everyone's favorite racing that so make
this your first bet when you arrive at
the races it's a great bet to give you
an interest throughout the day and you
don't even have to back a winner but
remember you'll need to get your bets on
early before the first race
totu quad popped if you're to play spot
selections lose in the first two races
then try your luck again with the tote
quad part it gives you a second chance
to win a decent payout just by picking
four placed horses just remember to get
your bet on before the third race of the
day
total jackpot if you want to win a
fortune for a small stake see if you can
pick the first six winners at the
jackpot meeting with a minimum of ten
thousand pounds up for grabs daily it's
well worth having a go check two screens
to see if there's a big money rollover
today
thoth super 7 the totes super 7 offers
another chance to win a life-changing
amount of money daily available from
Sunday to Friday just pick the winner of
all seven selected races and you could
be living the dream for just 2 pounds
you can also win if your horses get
placed in every race so you can get a
fantastic payout without even backing
your winner
it's the thoth super 7 it's a super bet
tote scoop 6 scoop a fortune for just 2
pounds with the tote scoop 6 Racing's
millionaire making bet it's available on
Saturdays you have to pick the winner of
all 6 selected TV races not easy of
course but a six-figure payout is up for
grabs every week now if you win you get
the chance to go for another big money
bonus the following week and there's a
great consolation dividend if all of
your horses are placed
how to place a bet
you'll find two bedding positions
conveniently located around the
racecourse if you're in the public
enclosures simply go to one of the tote
windows or outdoor bedding kiosks at
busy meetings you'll also see pool
pitches in action they look just like
the bookies but they accept tote bags if
you're enjoying your race day in a
restaurant or a hospitality area there's
no need to interrupt your meal to dash
off and get your bets on let one of the
tote betting assistants do the running
for you so you can place your bet
without even having to leave your seat
and they will even bring you your
winnings but no matter where you are on
course you can always bet and collect at
any toe point
placing your bet with the tote couldn't
be easier for bets on single races you
can simply call over your bet all you
need to do is to tell the operator your
stake the type of bet your horse number
the race number and of course the race
meeting if you want to place a multiple
race bet you will need to complete a
play slip which are available at all
thoth betting points these are very
similar to a lottery card you'll need to
mark your horse selections for each race
using the race card numbers and select
the unit stake for your bets if you have
any questions our friendly staff will be
able to help you when placing your bet
once you have completed your slip take
it to a toting position and the operator
will then hand you a receipt confirming
the full details of your bet
check your receipt carefully and make
sure to keep it safe you'll need this to
pick up your wedding's then if your bet
wins you can collect at any total
betting point on course unlike the
bookies the tote actually wants you to
win so you'll be guaranteed to be paid
with a smile remember you can bet on
every race at every meeting every day
did you know all of the totes profits
are put straight back into horse racing
so a bet with a tote also helps to
support the sport we all love make sure
you bet with toe call today to get
better choice better valium better
service toe pull a better way to bet